oh my god yeah even at Cambridge
University England even at Oxford even
people with PhDs this stuff was going on
all the time it was off the hook
the level of just lies in deception
cheating a month like I didn't know that
many people at Cambridge Cambridge yeah
look where it got me
look we talked to us a lot you know I
don't think you know people don't want
to live alone you know look it's not
just the nuclear family and falling in
love and having kids
like there are other reasons why people
want to have sexual partners like
historically and in terms of evolution
you live in a tribe even in medieval
Catholic Europe just because people were
dying all the time people would remarry
people had multiple sexual partners just
because they had multiple marriages even
if they were totally faithful than a
marriage which they weren't you know a
lot of people in medieval Catholic
Europe didn't get married at all yeah
you know just say I mean they they had
you know other forms of arrangements
which you know doesn't show up in
Shakespeare well I guess indirectly it
does because there's a lot of joking
about sex and in Shakespeare so on the
comedy level at least you get a bit more
of a sense of the reality of pre-modern
sexuality like you know sex is gross for
a reason people have inhibition for a
reason you know what I mean people feel
revolt about one another for a reason
but like you know why do you overcome
that almost nothing worth doing can be
done alone and like even raising a
newborn baby like to really do that as
two people you know whether they're all
these corny sayings it takes a village
to raise a child or it takes a whole
family or whatever I mean as much as as
much contempt as I may have for like a
Nisshin Ana CNN is his girl Lanie like
they're trying to put together a tribe
they're trying to put together a team of
people who work together to raise these
kids and have a meaningful life voice
yeah total contempt for them but still
like you can see the info there
don't want to live alone they do
obviously they live out in the
countryside and they have no friends
where they are whether or not they had
any friends before I doubt you know not
hating but that's for a lot of us you
get to you get to be middle-aged you
look around and say wow where are all my
friends you know some of them move to
you know whatever there are all
different reasons whether they just move
to other cities or you moved or whatever
you know you know I see people who are
trying in that sense to have a social
peace a cohesive and loving social unit
and you know human sexuality is a part
of that like you know I had very no just
my views on it we're totally based on
Christianity you know but that to me
makes so much sense now after like
coming to terms with it then you know
and also after helping with your
daughter like seeing how much I helping
having I think other people around
having a tribe of people having a bigger
family is so much more valuable than
just being on your own which is so
common these days
whoa sexuality can can play a role in it
and for the right people she I would you
to say she grew up she sang with
Christian values but she didn't actually
read the Bible the actual material on
sexuality in the Bible is very different
yeah no no no no no I know but look
what's actually described in the in in
the Bible is men owning slaves and
having sex with their slaves in addition
their wives having children with their
slaves servants and handmaidens and
having sex with the rest of them it's a
brutal patriarchy in the truest sense
the word patriarchy and prostitution
there's not one negative word about
prostitution in the Old Testament
there's only positive positive or
neutral words about prostitution
you know the actual depiction of what's
you know normal sexuality you know
course there are also things like incest
and what-have-you which are not depicted
positively but the fact that they're
depicted at all and how that's dealt
with and deceit and
you know the kind of sexual skullduggery
that's there this is not even getting
into the song of solomon by just
mentioned you had the sanitized version
and that's what's interesting too is
that even even if you did actually use
the Bible even the Book of Psalms Book
of Psalms and Song of Solomon and the
Old Testament and the the view of look
how how units actually work yeah look
and that's also sorry I say this
conversation I think that's one of the
really sick things that comes out in
situations like polyamory and open
relationships is that a lot of people
what they kind of want to do is go back
to slavery they want to have like
unequal parties come into their homes
and basically be there be their slaves
you know of course they don't say it
that way but you can even if you even
just look at the the wanted ads what
couples are saying it's like Oh looking
for a third person who you know will
clean up our [ __ ] and have sex with us
and like you know what you're looking
for is an unpaid servant you know who
doesn't really you know do doesn't have
equal status who doesn't make the
decisions about money and someone in the
family it wasn't you know yeah yeah so I
just say a lot of people I see the kind
of that were turned a slave like family
arrangements about to fall yeah I mean
you you are very perceptive and like the
other day when you told me that you were
talking to someone so you know I've like
immediately was like oh he doesn't love
me anymore like I mean it's just these
really stupid I can't work it doesn't
you know that is immediately what I was
thinking I was like oh right and I saw
you like three hours later and you were
just like you just seems slightly
abstracted and I was like oh like I can
tell you're upset about this like you
know yeah I mean at that point already I
was you know totally look the other
thing that really frames this or kind of
the lies that men commonly tell and you
know
it's it's you can't kind of compare
yourself to an abstract other person but
still you know like I've said to you if
I'm talking to someone who's attractive
and I a lot of men lie this way a lot of
them will lie to both women yes but oh
I'm just talking to a colleague about
this subject you know and then like then
you find later that she's gorgeous like
oh I I didn't even notice
well I didn't even notice she was an
attractive female she's just a colleague
you know no but that can be at work that
can be in the workplace you lie about
that and that can be you know want the
internet like oh no I just start talking
sports I didn't even notice that they're
that they're gorgeous or something that
they're that you know they were really
tried remember those it that's that's a
countenance like look you don't want me
to lie to you
I mean like you know I know look there's
a level on which like okay you wouldn't
have this jealous reaction if I told you
it was a man or if I told you someone
who's hideously ugly but presumably
right but still it's not a solution it's
it's it's a lie and it's oh yeah maybe
be Joseph but look what the the point is
you know that's the kind of line man
tell exactly to set up cheating right
and then on the other side I don't lie
to anyone about you know the extent to
which I'm committed to Melissa
we're like when I talk to people I've I
started doing this way back before I
even had a youtube channel my when I had
a blog text-based you know blog like you
know at the start of the conversation
it's like you know Melissa and I are
packing up to move to Taiwan
you know when here's a words just
implicitly built into it like here's a
video of or a picture of this is me and
Melissa together or doing this right you
know where we know what book but a lot
of men I can't say most a lot of men
exactly this is human on the internet
there is a there a man who be like oh
yeah well I'm not really with this girl
like you know I mean I mean I can't say
I can't say I'm single but it's nothing
serious so one of my female friends who
is conventionally good-looking you know
she was she was talking to God I think
they they
for coffee kind of thing and his whole
act was like oh well I kind of sort of
have this girlfriend but it's no big
deal
but you know today with Facebook like on
Facebook there was like the two of them
announcing their pregnancy and [ __ ] like
oh so they you know like you know like
dude you told me like oh yeah like you
kind of sort of have this chick you
sometimes sleep with on the side kind of
thing but you're you're single and
available
even at Cambridge University England
even at Oxford even people with PhDs
this stuff was going on all the time it
was off the hook the level of just lies
in deception cheating a month like I
didn't know that many people at
Cambridge Cambridge look where it got me
yeah yeah I'm also so critical it's my
life Wan's Age Bronze Age virtues right
yeah yeah but yeah and you know there
was an example on on YouTube mmm
so Jaclyn Glenn was the female and then
the male his screen name is social
repose but the fundamental deception
that he is cheating on her relied on was
him writing to women and saying no no
like he has a girlfriend on YouTube but
that that's only a fake girlfriend and
that's not really an emotional
commitment or whatever that he's he's
really looking here that he's really
looking for true love elsewhere so again
those those kinds of lies you know but
look anyway I know maybe that's partly
why I don't imagine runs well because
growing up seeing dramas and TV shows
with all this crap yeah
it permeates your mind I think that
there's something going on there's
nothing and it's it's just destructive
you know you really have to trust your
partner maybe that's a good thing to
close on you know a big a big tension in
all my relationships I know people think
I'm like this very dominant
character and in some ways but you know
any any decisions made in relationship
and this is you know with you with all
the women was with I've always wanted to
have a kind of democracy in the
relationship but it's like okay we're
going to talk this through
I'm gonna make the decision even stuff
like airplane tickets you know what I
mean I never want to just be the one
saying like no you don't like I'm just
gonna decide this on my own and stuff
but you know whatever it is and I think
that that obviously leads to a lot more
talk and a lot a lot more emotional
exhaustion and a lot more friction you
know and for sure being booked airplane
tickets
right whether it's matters of the heart
or practical things like that and you
know a lot of people at least out of
laziness just want to be dominated they
prefer to have a dominant or domineering
husband who's taking care of things
nine-tenths of the time or whatever
who's who's just decisively making the
decisions and I've I kind of refused to
play that role on anything that's
anything that's meaningful winning
that's important we will look even close
shopping like when we discuss ya know I
have any all kinds of like relatively
trivial crap like that like buying
kitchen equipment or clothes shopping no
we talked about like we talked about
like okay do you want to buy this rice
cooker or whatever we like you know and
like damn it like I bought a shirt for
my knees gift shopping yeah yeah look
you know I I wasn't saying this to boast
though I think in a lot of my
relationships that's been you know
that's what's kind of worn things out
faster was my insisting like no no I
want to include you you know I want to
consult with you I want you to really be
a part of this in a meaningful way yeah
okay so that's it another another video
ends in a stalemate we definitely did
not come to
a decision jealousy the solution is no
solution